Transcript
Intro
welcome to North Queensland Australia
fancy a swim in a tropical paradise you
Crocodiles
can't do that here because these
crocodiles oh but don't worry they've
made a sign you'd think there'd be signs
Signs
everywhere in this tourist hotspot right
now
it's just the one in slum pictures don't
even have any because they made me just
use word of mouth around here Oh
apparently there's massive prehistoric
beasts out there so just take care
she'll be right no but your safety is
Safety
important so tourists are advised to
remain at least 10 metres from the
water's edge because no crocodile is
gonna walk 11 metres for a meal right as
a bonus they've also got stingers
Stingers
doesn't sound too bad though right
well actually sting is is just
Australian for the most deadly marine
animal known to mankind but you know
stingers is a good name too I mean it's
like calling crocodiles nibblers Oh but
Saltwater crocodiles
they've already got a nickname for them
they've taken the term saltwater
crocodiles dispense with the more
integral part of the term you know
crocodiles to leave invade colloquialism
that could be used to describe literally
any marine animal so if you're pedaling
Dolphins
in the shallows and a local notifies you
that there's some salties round don't
just assume he's talking about dolphins
or some form of innocuous mollusk
because actually he's referring to giant
flesh-eating reptiles
but don't let just this dissuade you
they've got other stuff too like the
Other Stuff
oldest tropical rainforest in the world
I just be careful of deadly snakes and
spiders oh and this bird that may as
well be a velociraptor Queensland
Australia the best part is you only need
to pay a one-way fare because chances
are you won't return
[Music]